docs: add <meta> tags (group 2) (#951)
flybywiresim/docs: docs/fbw-a32nx/feature-guides/flypados3/dispatch.md

---
title: flyPadOS 3 EFB - Dispatch

> description: Information about the Dispatch menu provided by FlyPadOS3 in the FlyByWire A32NX.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Information about the Dispatch menu provided by flyPadOS 3 in the FlyByWire A32NX.
```
